aarch64    |     Q        q  b  gia  s
alpha      |  ?  Q   C    q    mgi  e 
arc        |          B      b  gia   
arm        |                 b   ia  s
avr        |    L  FI    l  p   g     
bfin       |       F            gi    
c6x        |   S     CB         gi    
cr16       |    L  F C          g    s
cris       |       F  B         gi   s
csky       |                 b   ia   
epiphany   |         C          gi   s
fr30       | ??    FI B     pb mg    s
frv        | ??       B      b   i   s
gcn        |   S     C D  q       a e 
h8300      |       FI B         g    s
i386       |     Q        q  b   ia   
ia64       |   ? Q   C    qr b m i    
iq2000     | ???   FICB      b  g  t  
lm32       |       F            g     
m32c       |    L  FI    l   b  g    s
m32r       |       FI        b       s
m68k       |                pb   i    
mcore      |  ?    FI       pb mg    s
mep        |       F C       b  g  t s
microblaze |         CB          i   s
mips       |     Q   CB   qr     ia  s
mmix       | HM  Q   C    q      i  e 
mn10300    | ??                 gi   s
moxie      |       F            g  t s
msp430     |    L  FI    l   b  g    s
nds32      |       F C           ia  s
nios2      |         C           ia   
nvptx      |   S Q   C    q    mg   e 
pa         |     Q   CBD  qr b   i  e 
pdp11      |    L   IC    qr b      e 
pru        |    L  F              a  s
riscv      |     Q   C    qr    gia   
rl78       |    L  F     l      g    s
rs6000     |     Q   C    qrpb   ia   
rx         |                         s
s390       |     Q        qr    gia e 
sh         |     Q   CB   qrp    i    
sparc      |     Q   CB   qr b   ia   
stormy16   | ???L  FIC D l   b   i    
tilegx     |     Q   C    q     gi  e 
tilepro    |   S   F C          gi  e 
v850       |                    g a  s
vax        |  M     I        b   i  e 
visium     |          B         g  t s
xtensa     |         C                
